docs(createAlgoliaInsightsPlugin): rewrite docs (#467)
algolia/autocomplete: packages/website/docs/createAlgoliaInsightsPlugin.md

id: createAlgoliaInsightsPlugin
---

The Algolia Insights plugin automatically sends click and conversion events to the [Algolia Insights API](https://www.algolia.com/doc/rest-api/insights/) whenever a user interacts with the autocomplete.

## Installation

First, you need to install the plugin.

```bash

> yarn add @algolia/autocomplete-plugin-algolia-insights
> # or
> npm install @algolia/autocomplete-plugin-algolia-insights

Reviewer: ```suggestion
yarn add @algolia/autocomplete-plugin-algolia-insights@alpha
# or
npm install @algolia/autocomplete-plugin-algolia-insights@alpha
```

```

Then import it in your project:

```js
import { createAlgoliaInsightsPlugin } from '@algolia/autocomplete-plugin-algolia-insights';
```

If you don't use a package manager, you can use a standalone endpoint:

```html

> <script src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/@algolia/autocomplete-plugin-algolia-insights"></script>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<script src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/@algolia/autocomplete-plugin-algolia-insights@alpha"></script>
```

```

## Example

> Here's a working example. It uses the plugin within [`autocomplete-js`](autocomplete-js), along with the [`algoliasearch`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/algoliasearch) API client and [Search Insights](https://www.npmjs.com/package/search-insights) library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example uses the plugin within [`autocomplete-js`](autocomplete-js), along with the [`algoliasearch`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/algoliasearch) API client and [Search Insights](https://www.npmjs.com/package/search-insights) library.
```

> `(params: OnItemsChangeParams) => void`

> Hook to send an Insights event whenever the items change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hook to send an Insights event whenever the items change.

By default, it sends a `viewedObjectIDs` event.
```

> `(params: OnSelectParams) => void`

> Hook to send an Insights event whenever an item is selected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hook to send an Insights event whenever an item is selected.

By default, it sends a `clickedObjectIDsAfterSearch` event.
```

> `(params: OnActiveParams) => void`

> Hook to send an Insights event whenever an item is active.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hook to send an Insights event whenever an item is active.

By default, it doesn't send any events.
```
